Welcome back everyone.
In this lecture we're going to have an overview for the accomplished all neural network exercise notebook.
It's a pretty simple exercise is basically having you run through a set of data that's very similar
to the endless digital dataset.
So let's take a look at the notebook and what you need to do.
OK.
Here we are at the exercise notebook.
So for this you're going to be using what's known as the fashion and this dataset and this data set
includes 10 labels of different clothing types along with twenty eight by twenty eight grayscale images.
So really similar to the M this dataset for the digits we have sixty thousand images and 10000 test
images.
And they have a variety of descriptions and labels so it's like things like pullover dresses coats sandals
sneakers ankle boots et cetera.
So you can go ahead and load up the data it's built into curves by running these two lines and then
we'll just have you essentially go through the same workflow that we've been going through for the previous
lectures.
Things like visualizing the data.
So here we can see an example image and then it will have you pre processed the data by normalizing
it by dividing by the max values then reshape the data to include that singular color channel things
like convert the Y train a y test values to be one hot encoded and then we'll have you build out the
model you actually have a lot of flexibility you don't necessarily need to follow out the layout we
did here.
This is just what the solution itself and the solution up book went through and you can always edit
these things you can't edit things like the loss but feel free to play around with the optimizer you
don't need to use arms propagation you can use something like Adam et cetera.
Okay so after that you go ahead and then train the model.
So if you want you can add an early stopping to choose the amount of epochs for you.
But here we just went ahead and trained it for 10 epochs again.
Feel free to add in that early stopping and then we want you to evaluate the model.
So essentially at the end of all this basically we just want you to be able to print out a classification
report on your model's performance.
You should get pretty good performance somewhere around overall ninety one or ninety percent accuracy
or recall.
OK so feel free to edit any of the parameters you want here inside of this network.
But coming up next we'll go ahead and walk through an example run through the solutions.
I'll see you there.